71: Use observer for auto resizing and hide "% 2" magic with a strategy (#599)
tradingview/lightweight-charts: docs/customization.md

chart.resize(250, 150);
```

If specify width or height equal to zero, the size will be canculated as parent's content rect.

> ### Use Observer
> 
> Settings `userObserver` thig flag to true makes chart monitoring container
> and changing its size on every container resize
> This feature requires `ResizeObserver` class to be avaiable in the global scope
> Calling code is responsibe for providing a polyfill if requried
> If the global scope does not contain `ResizeObserver` object, a warning will appear the the flag will be ignored
> 
> Please pay your attention that `userObserver` option and explicit sizes options `width` and `height` conflict one with others.
> If you specify `userObserver` flag, `width` and `height` options will be ignored in common case
> and could only be used as fallback if using `ResizeObserver` has failed.
> 
> The flag `userObserver` could also be set with and unset with `applyOptions` function.
> 
> ```js
> const chart = LightweightCharts.createChart(document.body, {
>     useObserver: true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Auto Size

Setting `autoSize` flag to `true` makes chart monitoring container and changing its size on every container resize.

This feature requires [`ResizeObserver`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ResizeObserver) class to be available in the global scope.

Note that calling code is responsible for providing a polyfill if required. If the global scope does not have `ResizeObserver`, a warning will appear and the flag will be ignored.

Please pay your attention that `autoSize` option and explicit sizes options `width` and `height` conflict one with others.

If you specify `autoSize` flag, `width` and `height` options will be ignored in common case and could only be used as fallback if using `ResizeObserver` has failed.

The flag `autoSize` could also be set with and unset with `applyOptions` function.

```js
const chart = LightweightCharts.createChart(document.body, {
    autoSize: true,
```
